We would like to thank the referee for their careful review of our manuscript.
We have fixed some typographical errors and improved the wording generally in
our manuscript.  We have also changed the manuscript in response to the
referee's specific issues and we will address them below.

> This is an interesting and potentially useful technique, however, I am
> currently not satisfied with the presentation of the key ideas in this
> manuscript. The derivation of the main result in section II is much
> too brief and lacks clarity about important details. The error model
> is never explicitly defined and the proof of the main theorem
> presented as a single paragraph. I'd like to see more details of what
> errors are considered here. For example, it seems to be assumed that
> the errors are unitary, (i.e. fluctuations in parameters in a beam
> splitter of phase shifter), but excluding non-unitary errors such as
> loss. I imagine that mode-mismatch errors cannot be treated with this
> technique, but this is not clearly stated.

The manuscript has been updated to add specific details about the error model
we have considered.  We have also changed section II to introduce and discuss
issues of the error model and examples to help clarify the the main result.

> The numerical results give confidence that the key ideas here are
> sound.
>
> A simple example, for example, the case of a simple unitary phase
> shift with a fluctuating phase across two copies, presented early in
> section II, would help clarify the general argument. This could be
> related to well known phenomena of Mach-Zehder interferometry.

This is the example posed early in Section III and introduced briefly in
section II as corollary 1.  We have made changes to the manuscript to emphasise
these as simple examples of the general phenomenon.

> The rest of the paper is written with sufficient detail, but Section
> II deserves revision to place this work on a firm foundation.
>
> The main result appears to assume that the Fourier transforms are
> implemented perfectly. To what extent can this technique be extended
> to allow fault tolerance with respect to errors in the Fourier
> transforms as well? Is there a way of applying the technique
> recursively to achieve this?

These points are mentioned in the discussion towards the end of the manuscript,
however we have now added further comments with respect to this in Section II.

A brief summary of this discussion is that fault-tolerance under the noise
unitary error model seems likely to be possible, but in this paper we have just
addressed the necessary starting point of error detection.  Fault-tolerance and
broader error models is left as an open problem subsequent to the results
presented in this paper.

Furthermore, the encoding operation need not be a Fourier transform.  The
Fourier transform encoding was used as a mathematically convenient construct
for the exposition given in section II.  In section III an alternative encoding
with the same encoding properties that permits nesting is introduced and shown
in Fig 2.  As stated in the manuscript, this encoding is used in the numerical
simulation.

We trust that our changes address these issues and hope that our modifications
will allow for our manuscript to be accepted for publication.

List of changes:-

* Expanded explaination of error model at beginnin of section II and after 
  Theorem 1
* Clarification of role of the discrete fourier transform for encoding in 
  section II
* Directly after this, an explaination of the recursive encoding technique
  using beam-splitters that is compatible with a fault-tolerant implementation
  with reference to the discussion in Section V.
* Minor typographical changes

