----------------------------------------------------------------------
Report of the Referee -- AJ11649/Marshman
----------------------------------------------------------------------

In this manuscript, the authors introduce a simple method for reducing
the effect of random errors in a linear optical circuit by splitting
the beam into many copies, via a discrete Fourier transform, applying
copies of the desired unitary (with random and independent
fluctuations between copies) to all copies, and then recombining the
beams. Errors lead to leakage of photons into additional modes which
can then be detected and filtered out. The resultant effective unitary
averages to the desired transformation due to the central limit
theorem.

This is an interesting and potentially useful technique, however, I am
currently not satisfied with the presentation of the key ideas in this
manuscript. The derivation of the main result in section II is much
too brief and lacks clarity about important details. The error model
is never explicitly defined and the proof of the main theorem
presented as a single paragraph. I'd like to see more details of what
errors are considered here. For example, it seems to be assumed that
the errors are unitary, (i.e. fluctuations in parameters in a beam
splitter of phase shifter), but excluding non-unitary errors such as
loss. I imagine that mode-mismatch errors cannot be treated with this
technique, but this is not clearly stated.

The numerical results give confidence that the key ideas here are
sound.

A simple example, for example, the case of a simple unitary phase
shift with a fluctuating phase across two copies, presented early in
section II, would help clarify the general argument. This could be
related to well known phenomena of Mach-Zehder interferometry.

The rest of the paper is written with sufficient detail, but Section
II deserves revision to place this work on a firm foundation.

The main result appears to assume that the Fourier transforms are
implemented perfectly. To what extent can this technique be extended
to allow fault tolerance with respect to errors in the Fourier
transforms as well? Is there a way of applying the technique
recursively to achieve this?
